W-12764549-rtfctl-commands-kt (#977)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/install-rtfctl.adoc

* Manage a Mule license.
* Manage the alert sender email address.

[Note]

> If you use the rtf namespace,you do not need to specify an additional `--namespace <rtfNamespace>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the default namespace (rtf), you do not need to specify the additional flag: `--namespace <rtfNamespace>`
```

Reviewer: Is a note enough? Do we have a way to put this in a box or something to make it more obvious?

Reviewer: Please also note that this flag is only introduced as of rtfctl version >= 0.4.0

> If you are using the default namespace (rtf),you do not need to specify the additional flag `--namespace <rtf_namespace>`. Note that this flag is introduced only as of rtfctl version 0.4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the default namespace (rtf), you do not need to specify the additional flag `--namespace <rtf_namespace>`. Note that this flag is introduced only as of rtfctl version 0.4.0.
```

> If you are using the default namespace (rtf), you do not need to specify the additional flag `--namespace <rtf_namespace>`. Note that this flag is introduced only as of rtfctl version 0.4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the default namespace (rtf), you do not need to specify the additional flag `--namespace <rtf_namespace>`. Note that this flag is introduced only as of rtfctl version 0.4.1.
```

* Applies an HTTP proxy configuration
+
----

> rtfctl apply http-proxy <proxy-setting> --namespace <rtf_namespace>

Reviewer 2: `<proxy_setting>`

* Applies a secure property
+
----

> rtfctl apply secure-property --key <key> --value <value> --app-namespace <app-namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>

Reviewer 2: We need to change it to `<app_namespace>`.

* Applies a monitoring proxy
+
----

> rtfctl apply monitoring-proxy <proxy-setting> --namespace <rtf_namespace>

Reviewer 2: `<proxy_setting>`

=== `backup`
Performs a back up of the local Runtime Fabric state.
----

> rtfctl backup <destination-path> --namespace <rtf_namespace>

Reviewer 2: `<destination_path>`

----

=== `restore`
Restores the local Runtime Fabric state from a backup 

----

> rtfctl restore <backup-file-path> --namespace <rtf_namespace>

Reviewer 2: `<backup_file_path>`

=== `backup`
Performs a back up of the local Runtime Fabric state.
----

> rtfctl backup /var/backups/rtf-state.tar.gz --namespace <rtfNamespace>

Reviewer: let's keep using placeholders in all places for consistency. `<backup-filename>`

* Performs a validation check
+
----

> rtfctl validate 'activation-data'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rtfctl validate <activation-data>
```

=== `delete`
Deletes a secure property
----

> rtfctl delete secure-property <sample_key> -n <sample_app_namespace>

Reviewer 2: SHould be just `<app_namespace>`

=== `delete`
Deletes a secure property
----
rtfctl delete secure-property <sample_key> -n <sample_app_namespace>
----

=== `describe`
Displays details for an application in a specific namespace 

----
rtfctl describe apps <app_name> --namespace <namespace>

> ----

Reviewer: extra ------?

Displays details for an application in a specific namespace 

----
rtfctl describe apps <app-name> --namespace <namespace>
----

Introducing multiple instance on a single cluster, the command is:

----

> rtfctl describe apps <app-name> --app-namespace <appNamespace>

Reviewer: this needs `--namespace <rtfNamespace>` as well

Author: So would it be like this @jiahongli18 ? `rtfctl describe apps <app-name> --app-namespace <appNamespace> --namespace <rtfNamespace>`

Reviewer: yup

Displays details for an application in a specific namespace 

----

> rtfctl describe apps <app-name> --namespace <namespace>

Reviewer 2: `<app_name>`

Displays details for an application in a specific namespace 

----
rtfctl describe apps <app-name> --namespace <namespace>
----

> Introducing multiple instance on a single cluster, the command is:

Reviewer: Not following the purpose of this sentence

Reviewer: delete

* Displays the disk usage for an application, using the first replica by default
+
----
rtfctl describe apps <app_name> --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>

> ----

Reviewer: Why is this under disk?

* Displays the disk usage for an application, using the first replica by default
+
----
rtfctl describe apps <app-name> --app-namespace <app-namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>
----

* Displays the disk usage for an application, using a specific replica
+
----

> rtfctl disk <app-name> --details --pod <replica-name> --app-namespace <app-namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>

Reviewer 2: `<replica_name>`

* Displays the disk usage for an application, using the first replica by default
+
----

> rtfctl disk my-app --app-namespace <appNamespace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rtfctl disk <app-name> --app-namespace <appNamespace>
```

----

* Displays the disk usage for an application, using a specific replica
+
----

> rtfctl disk my-app --details --pod abc --app-namespace <appNamespace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rtfctl disk <app-name> --details --pod <replica-name> --app-namespace <app-namespace>
```

* Gets the JVM memory for each replica
+
----
rtfctl memory <app-name> --app-namespace <app-namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>
----

* Gets the JVM memory for a particular replica
+
----

> rtfctl memory <app-name> --pod my-app-pod-1 --app-namespace <app-namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>

Reviewer 2: rtfctl memory <app_name> --pod <replica_name> --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>

* Gets the JVM memory for each replica
+
----

> rtfctl memory my-app --app-namespace <appNamespace>

Reviewer: same as above

----

* Gets the JVM memory for a particular replica
+
----

> rtfctl memory my-app --pod my-app-pod-1 --app-namespace <appNamespace>

Reviewer: same as above

* Creates a package for an application using the first pod by default
+
----
rtfctl package <app_name> <file_path> --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>
----

* Creates a package for an application containing the apps, policies, and `.mule` directories
+
----

> rtfctl package <app_name> <file_path> --apps --policies --dotmule --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace<rtf_namespace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rtfctl package <app_name> <file_path> --apps --policies --dotmule --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>
```

* Creates a package for an application using the first pod by default
+
----

> rtfctl package my-app /tmp/application-package --app-namespace <appNamespace>

Reviewer: same as above

* Performs a JVM heap dump for an application, saving it as ``/tmp/dump.hprof`, using the first replica by default
+
----
rtfctl heapdump <app_name> <destination_path> --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>
----

* Performs a JVM heap dump for an application, saving it as `/tmp/dump.hprof`, using a specific replica
+
----

> rtfctl heapdump <app_name> <destination_path> --pod <replica_name> --app-namespace <app_namespace>--namespace <rtf_namespace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rtfctl heapdump <app_name> <destination_path> --pod <replica_name> --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>
```

* Performs a JVM thread dump for an application using the first replica by default
+
----
rtfctl threaddump <app_name> --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>
----

* Performs a JVM thread dump for an application using a specific replica 
+
----

> rtfctl threaddump <app_name> --pod <replica-name> --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>

Reviewer 2: `<replica_name>`

* Performs a JVM thread dump for an application using the first replica by default
+
----
rtfctl threaddump <app_name> --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>
----

* Performs a JVM thread dump for an application using a specific replica 
+
----

> rtfctl threaddump <app_name> --pod abc --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace<rtf_namespace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rtfctl threaddump <app_name> --pod <replica-name> --app-namespace <app_namespace> --namespace <rtf_namespace>
```

* Prints a list of all applications in a specific environment 
+
----
rtfctl get apps --app-namespace <appNamespace>
----

* Displays an HTTP proxy configurations
+
----

> rtfctl get http-proxy --namespace <rtfNamespace>

Reviewer: This is inconsistent. For parts of the docs, we don't say to use `--namespace <rtfNamespace>`, some parts we do. I think we should be consistent. Let's do it for all commands and emphasize at the top that it is only required for custom rtf namespaces.

* Pings example.com from inside an application, using the first replica by default
+
----
rtfctl ping my-app example.com --app-namespace <appNamespace>
----

* Attempts to connect to example.com on port `12345` from inside an application, using the first replica by default
+
----

> rtfctl ping my-app --port 12345 --app-namespace <appNamespace>

Reviewer: this needs a domain as well like the above example ^ (example.com)

Author: Would it be ok `rtfctl ping my-app example.com --port 12345 --app-namespace <appNamespace>`?

Reviewer: yup

* Schedules a check the nodes satisfying the `node-label` parameter
+
----

> rtfctl test outbound-network --node-label "<k>:<v>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rtfctl test outbound-network --node-label "<k>:<v>" --namespace <rtf_namespace>
```
